RHDHBUGS-2000: Update the breaking change (#1346)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-breaking-changes.adoc

This section lists breaking changes in {product} {product-version}.

[id="removed-functionality-rhdhbugs-2000"]

> == Using an optional Secret named `dynamic-plugins-npmrc` to configure a custom npm registry in the Operator is removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Using an optional Secret named `dynamic-plugins-npmrc` to configure a custom NPM registry in the Operator is removed
```

> Previously, an optional Secret named `dynamic-plugins-npmrc` could be configured in the Operator as a custom npm repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the Operator could automatically detect and mount an optional Secret named `dynamic-plugins-npmrc` to configure a custom npm registry.
```

To rephrase probably, but the previous sentence seems a bit misleading otherwise IMO, as the Secret is actually not configured in the Operator.

With this update, you can do any of the following workarounds:

> * Modify the `default-config` or `secret-files.yaml` file of the Operator to include custom `.npmrc` content.

Reviewer 3: it is default-config/secret-files.yaml

* In your {product-custom-resource-type} custom resource (CR), complete the following steps:
.. Create a new Secret containing the custom `.npmrc` content.
.. Mount the Secret to the `install-dynamic-plugins` initContainer.

> .. Set the `NPM_CONFIG_USERCONFIG` environment variable to reference to the mounted `.npmrc` file in the `spec.deployment.path` section.

Reviewer 3: it is "spec.deployment.patch", not "path"
